Release v3.1.0 (#220)
alma/alma-installments-prestashop: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v3.1.0

> - feat: In-Page: Now we use the setForm in payment option and refactoring in full Javascript code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: In-Page: Now we use the setForm in payment option and refactored to vanilla Javascript (we don't use Jquery anymore)```
